# Teledermatology-Portal
A web application where users (patients/care-takers) can access a portal to communicate with medical personnel.

Medical technology and healthcare is an ever advancing field in today’s world. However, acommon problem which exists is that the outreach and availability of healthcare facilities to every individual is quite limited. Therefore, we aim to provide a technological solution which could make a difference in this world.
Diagnosing neonatal and pediatric skin conditions does not require face-to-face communication and can be done remotely. A software application can be developed where users (patients/care-takers) can access a web portal to communicate with medical personnel. The application will have separate portals for patients and physicians offering the necessary features for each. The physician will be able to receive images from patients, tag the diagnosis, automatically store the image for research use and respond to the sender. The patient will be able to get an online consultation from a physician by reporting his symptoms, and attaching any images which would aid in the diagnostic process. A centralised database connection will be established with the application to where data will be efficiently stored and retrieved from.
A MediCare ChatBot instantly interacts, assists and tend to your needs. Further machine learning and image processing techniques could be integrated to automate and enhance this remote digital healthcare application.